c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\bin\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.exe
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\bin\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.pdb
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.Inicio.resources
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.exe
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.pdb
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\bin\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.exe.config
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\enrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Enrique\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.Finalizar.resources
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\bin\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.exe.config
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.exe
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.pdb
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\bin\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.exe
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\bin\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.pdb
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.Finalizar.resources
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.Inicio.resources
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Users\B993241\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GeneradorBatTurnador\GeneradorBatTurnador\obj\x86\Debug\GeneradorBatTurnador.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
